README.md, before:

# php-cs-fixer-config

[`PHP CS Fixer`](http://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) config for M6Web components.

## Installation

Run

```
$ composer require --dev m6web/php-cs-fixer-config
```

## Usage

### Configuration

Create a configuration file `.php-cs-fixer.dist.php` in the root of your project:

```php
<?php

$finder = PhpCsFixer\Finder::create()
    ->in(
        [
            __DIR__.'/src',
            __DIR__.'/tests',
        ]
    );

$config = new M6Web\CS\Config\BedrockStreaming();
$config->setFinder($finder);

return $config;
```

### Git

Add `.php-cs-fixer.cache` (this is the cache file created by `php-cs-fixer`) to `.gitignore`:

```
vendor/
.php-cs-fixer.cache
```

### Makefile

Create a `Makefile` with the targets below:

```Makefile
# Coding Style

cs:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix --dry-run --stop-on-violation --diff

cs-fix:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix

cs-ci:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix --dry-run --using-cache=no --verbose
```

## Fixing issues

### Manually

If you need to **check** issues locally, just run

```
$ make cs
```

If you need to **fix** issues locally, just run

```
$ make cs-fix
```

In your Continuous Integration, run

```
$ make cs-ci
```

## Credits

Developed by [Bedrock Streaming](https://tech.bedrockstreaming.com), inspired by [refinery29/php-cs-fixer-config](https://github.com/refinery29/php-cs-fixer-config).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: authorize adding custom rules, no override of standard ones

README.md, after:

# php-cs-fixer-config

[`PHP CS Fixer`](http://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer) config for M6Web components.

## Installation

Run

```
$ composer require --dev m6web/php-cs-fixer-config
```

## Usage

### Configuration

Create a configuration file `.php-cs-fixer.dist.php` in the root of your project:

```php
<?php

$finder = PhpCsFixer\Finder::create()
    ->in(
        [
            __DIR__.'/src',
            __DIR__.'/tests',
        ]
    );

$config = new M6Web\CS\Config\BedrockStreaming();
$config->setFinder($finder);

return $config;
```

#### Adding extra rules:

In case you wish to add some more rules (be more restrictive / apply project level rules), the `M6Web\CS\Config\BedrockStreaming` configuration accepts them as a constructor argument.

⚠️ This feature does not allow any override. ⚠️

```php
<?php

$finder = PhpCsFixer\Finder::create()
    ->in(
        [
            __DIR__.'/src',
            __DIR__.'/tests',
        ]
    );

$config = new M6Web\CS\Config\BedrockStreaming([
        'native_function_invocation' => ['scope' => 'all'],
    ]
);
$config->setFinder($finder);

return $config;
```


### Git

Add `.php-cs-fixer.cache` (this is the cache file created by `php-cs-fixer`) to `.gitignore`:

```
vendor/
.php-cs-fixer.cache
```

### Makefile

Create a `Makefile` with the targets below:

```Makefile
# Coding Style

cs:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix --dry-run --stop-on-violation --diff

cs-fix:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix

cs-ci:
	./bin/php-cs-fixer fix --dry-run --using-cache=no --verbose
```

## Fixing issues

### Manually

If you need to **check** issues locally, just run

```
$ make cs
```

If you need to **fix** issues locally, just run

```
$ make cs-fix
```

In your Continuous Integration, run

```
$ make cs-ci
```

## Credits

Developed by [Bedrock Streaming](https://tech.bedrockstreaming.com), inspired by [refinery29/php-cs-fixer-config](https://github.com/refinery29/php-cs-fixer-config).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
